wool Sophie's babies our games so big
they just turn three weeks old yesterday
I didn't know who's who okay oh okay see
what conversations we had here this is
blue blue blue
hi blue yes
hey are you playing with I can't see
okay this is orange boy other words to
our ten rounds you can see your cute
face nice orange okay okay and oh yes
where's this key baby hi baby girl
hi B he can help okay I can't tell what
this is okay this is purpo gripper girl
it really looks like fuchsia yeah hey
guys boy feel teeth teeth that means we
can start eating good stuff instead of
just Mama's milk here shred girl big
girl oh we can talk we're talking
talking
come on red make some noise make some
noise let me get to the but oh oh who
else wants to talk to me
Roger lunch again hi aren't you gonna
talk to me oh oh your screen again do we
see you yet Green is green man hi dream
right who else wants to talk to me
they're all so funny they're barking and
growling now okay you know here's light
pink maybe II want to see your cute face
okay Oh your touch step huh hi BJ oh
yeah you're gonna bite me whoa Oh mister
those teeth how about your belly that's
a big okay
oh yeah if you look deters Oh films
gonna be crazy our video is gonna be so
crazy on his T oh hi precious
hi you're gonna talk to me till girl hi
what's the precious babies whose my
precious precious babies oh gosh
who's gonna talk to me hmm are you going
to being quiet you know we are got a
reminder we can't get too fuzzy that's
not allowed ah no you're fine you're
fine shh shh settle yes it's better see
yeah see that's better
it's a good girl now you gotta get up
there you guys get up see ya get up go
get him go get him needs a good girl
yeah a good girl yeah seek a girl oh my
film is hitting me so crooked
you guys got a toy you tune on it used
to be a toy until your mama killed it
now it's just the flu it's the fur the
fluff is gone it's a dead toy yes the
squeakers must die
but let's look everybody a good idea how
they're doing growing like weeds too big
for the scale so I don't know how much
they weigh anymore I love to get an
accurate weight on when we take him in
to see the doctor when they're six weeks
old we'll get a weight on them but
they're fat I don't think they've missed
a meal we're going to start weaning I'm
pretty soon they're gonna start out on
some goat's milk and then when those
teeth come in a little bit more we're
gonna make some puppy mush it looks like
oatmeal
and then before you know it they'll be
eating regular dry kibble maybe they're
dry candidate crazy how fast they grow
okay I look forward to seeing everybody
real soon bye